newlyweds on the show that you are it's
a great show it certainly is very
special they get a lot of mail it's a
great show we've got the sound machine
of the Inland Empire up next and you
could credit their impressive sound to
director David chefs MA and the entire
1-under member youth band
when you watch it now it's easy to see
why they are one of the premier youth
bands on the west coast let's take a
listen
the sound machine coming up Candace
Cameron from full house Jaleel White for
Family Matters married with children's
David Faustino and lots more
Hollywood is a place to walk with the
stars just visit the world-famous Walk
of Fame find your favorites like
Roseanne Arnold others honored in 1992
with her own Hollywood landmarks include
Tom Hanks and Kim Basinger we're back
now celebrating the most wonderful time
of the year faces on our parade route
the band playing is the sound machine of
the Inland Empire by the way for a copy
of tonight's celebrities souvenir
program simply send four dollars which
includes postage and handling to
celebrity program post office box 206 8
Hollywood California and 9
no I